2021 01 19 shaun liu pim (#11399)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroleeligibilityrequest-update.md

---
title: "Update unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest"
description: "Update the properties of an unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest object."
author: "shauliu"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest

> Namespace: microsoft.graph

Reviewer: Add: [!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|PrivilegedAccess.ReadWrite.AzureAD|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|Not supported|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH /roleManagement/directory/roleEligibilityRequests/{unifiedRoleEligibilityRequestsId}
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityrequest.md) object.

The following table shows the properties that are required when you update the [unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityrequest.md).

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The unique identifier for the unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest. Key, not nullable, Read-only|

> |action|String|Representing the type of the operation on the role assignment. The value can be <ul><li>`AdminAdd`: Administrators assign users/groups to roles;</li><li>`UserAdd`: Users activate eligible assignments;</li><li> `AdminUpdate`: Administrators change existing role assignments</li><li>`AdminRemove`: Administrators remove users/groups from roles;<li>`UserRemove`: Users deactivate active assignments;<li>`UserExtend`: Users request to extend their expiring assignments;</li><li>`AdminExtend`: Administrators extend expiring assignments.</li><li>`UserRenew`: Users request to renew their expired assignments;</li><li>`AdminRenew`: Administrators extend expiring assignments.</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|action|String|The type of the operation on the role assignment. The value can be <ul><li>`AdminAdd`: Administrators assign users/groups to roles</li><li>`UserAdd`: Users activate eligible assignments</li><li> `AdminUpdate`: Administrators change existing role assignments</li><li>`AdminRemove`: Administrators remove users/groups from roles<li>`UserRemove`: Users deactivate active assignments<li>`UserExtend`: Users request to extend their expiring assignments</li><li>`AdminExtend`: Administrators extend expiring assignments</li><li>`UserRenew`: Users request to renew their expired assignments</li><li>`AdminRenew`: Administrators extend expiring assignments</li></ul>|
```

> |principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the assignment is being granted to.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the assignment is being granted.|
```

> |roleDefinitionId|String|ID of the unifiedRoleDefinition the assignment is for. Read only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleDefinitionId|String|Id of the unifiedRoleDefinition in the assignment . Read only.|
```

> |directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object representing the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object representing the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.|
```
```suggestion
|directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object that represents the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.|
```

> |appScopeId|String|Id of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|appScopeId|String|Id of the app specific scope. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.|
```

> |isValidationOnly|Boolean|A boolean that determines whether the call is a validation or an actual call. Only set this property if you want to check whether an activation is subject to additional rules like MFA before actually submitting the request.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isValidationOnly|Boolean|Indicates whether the call is a validation or an actual call. This property is only set if you want to check whether an activation is subject to additional rules, such as MFA, before actually submitting the request.|
```

> |targetScheduleId|String|ID of the schedule object attached to the assignment.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|targetScheduleId|String|Id of the schedule object attached to the assignment.|
```

> |justification|String|A message provided by users and administrators when create the request about why it is needed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|justification|String|A message provided by users and administrators about why a create request is needed.|
```

|scheduleInfo|[requestSchedule](../resources/requestschedule.md)|The schedule object of the role assignment request.|

> |ticketInfo|[ticketInfo](../resources/ticketinfo.md)|The ticketInfo object attached to the role assignment request which includes details of the ticket number and ticket system.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ticketInfo|[ticketInfo](../resources/ticketinfo.md)|The ticketInfo object attached to the role assignment request that includes details of the ticket number and ticket system.|
```

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and an updated [unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityrequest.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_unifiedroleeligibilityrequest"
}
-->
``` http

> PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleEligibilityRequests/{unifiedRoleEligibilityRequestsId}

Reviewer: Real looking Id.

Content-Type: application/json
Content-length: 467

{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest",

>   "action": "String",

Reviewer: Real looking values.

  "principalId": "String",
  "roleDefinitionId": "String",
  "directoryScopeId": "String",
  "appScopeId": "String",
  "isValidationOnly": "Boolean",
  "targetScheduleId": "String",
  "justification": "String",
  "scheduleInfo": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.requestSchedule"
  },
  "ticketInfo": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.ticketInfo"
  }
}
```

### Response
**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest"
}
-->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 OK

```
<!--
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleEligibilityRequest",
  "id": "a2e242a0-42a0-a2e2-a042-e2a2a042e2a2",
  "action": "String",

>   "principalId": "String",

Reviewer: Actual values.
